When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense. The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn't be any different to what my nickname was.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn't do something.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
The door slammed on the watermelon. He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane. Today I heard something new and unmemorable.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.
Situps are a terrible way to end your day. Getting up at dawn is for the birds.
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.
She did her best to help him. The father died during childbirth.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom. Abstraction is often one floor above you.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment. He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.
There's a message for you if you look up. Love is not like pizza.
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do. He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them. It didn't and they don't recommend anyone else do it either.
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. 
Three generations with six decades of life experience.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn't see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust. Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.
The dead trees waited to be ignited by the smallest spark and seek their revenge.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
This book is sure to liquefy your brain. The book is in front of the table.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
A glittering gem is not enough. The mysterious diary records the voice.
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.
If I don't like something, I'll stay away from it.
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
Waffles are always better without fire ants and fleas.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy. The lake is a long way from here.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
The hawk didn't understand why the ground squirrels didn't want to be his friend.
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
Be careful with that butter knife. I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It's really not as bad as it sounds.
Jason lived his life by the motto: "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly".
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people's food.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
Purple is the best city in the forest.
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
The river stole the gods. Erin accidentally created a new universe.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
Not all people who wander are lost. I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
I made myself a peanut butter sandwich as I didn't want to subsist on veggie crackers.
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady's bag of food.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman's back.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
Don't step on the broken glass. He excelled at firing people nicely.
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
He didn't want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires. If I don't like something, I'll stay away from it.
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
She found his complete dullness interesting. She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon. 
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn't so bad after all.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.